PMM-10119 Update the list of metrics collected (#818)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/how-to/configure.md

The following information is gathered:

- PMM Server Integration Alerting feature enabled/disabled
- PMM Server Security Thread Tool feature enabled/disabled
- PMM Server Backup feature enabled/disabled
- PMM Server DBaaS feature enabled/disabled
- PMM Server Check Updates feature disabled

> - Version of monitored MySQL services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Monitored MySQL services version
```

> - Detailed information about version and comment of monitored MySQL services

Reviewer: I am unsure what this means "comment of monitored MySQL services"

Author: There are now two metrics version and "version comments" ... this is more extended description of the version, so we can see is this community or Percona version of MySQL

Reviewer: Detailed information should contain everything ideally. " Detailed information about the version of monitored MySQL services"

> - Detailed information about version and comment of monitored MySQL services

Author: ```suggestion
- Detailed information about the version of monitored MySQL services
```

> - Version of monitored MongoDB services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Monitored MongoDB services version
```

> - Version of monitored PostgreSQL services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Monitored PostgreSQL services version
```

> - Grafana total users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Total Grafana users
```

- Monitored nodes count
- Monitored services count

> - Agents Versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Agents version
```
